Readme update (#8)
liatrio/libotrio: README.md

# libotrio2.0
Updated

## Local Development

> In the course of adding features to Libotrio, you will need a local version of the bot you can test with. To get a local version of Libotrio set up clone this repository down to your locsl devlopment environment. While this repository has all the code you need to run the bot, you will need to register it with the Slack API if it is not already registered. If you already have a test version of Libotrio in your workspace, skip to step number three.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the course of adding features to Libotrio, you will need a local version of the bot you can test with. To get a local version of Libotrio set up clone this repository down to your local development environment. While this repository has all the code you need to run the bot, you will need to register it with the Slack API if it is not already registered. If you already have a test version of Libotrio in your workspace, skip to step number three.
```

1. Visit [api.slack.com/apps](https://api.slack.com/apps) and create a new app using the manifest provided in this repository.
2. Once the app has been created, install it in the workspace of interest.

> 3. Looking at the provided docker-compose file you will notice there are three environmental variables that need to be provided. On the basic information page you will need both the signing secret and to generate an app-level token with connections:write permissions. Under install app you can find the OAuth token. Once you've set these variables in your environment you can run docker-compose up, and the bot should be running in your workspace. Only one person needs to run the bot locally at any given time; anyone in the workspace will be able to test against it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Looking at the provided docker-compose file you will notice there are three environment variables that need to be provided. On the basic information page you will need both the signing secret and to generate an app-level token with connections:write permissions. Under install app you can find the OAuth token. Once you've set these variables in your environment you can run docker-compose up, and the bot should be running in your workspace. Only one person needs to run the bot locally at any given time; anyone in the workspace will be able to test against it.
```

Reviewer: I don't think the signing secret is needed when using socket mode, but it may be worth checking on that.

Author: You are correct, I'll be sure to note that as well.
